701 million 800 million
Do you have more guts?
Don't 1 million 1 million
800 million zero
Two million.
OK, thanks. You like it, don't you?
The major general, look at the upper level
It's so different from your soil
I give 10 years
Your authority at the top is only about 700 million
The monk married 1 billion
That's not deep pockets at all.
Is this just for emotional burning money?
So it looks like the winner is certain.
What's wrong Ye Xian
No more points.
Okay, Ye Xian
This is completely beyond the reasonable market price
Let's not add any more.
Ye Xian, aren't you very good?
Isn't 1 million 1 million home every time?
Hey, why don't you speak?
Out of money, right?
Hey, do you want me to lend you some?
Add some more
I really want you to call again.
1 billion time
See if it's off the shelves.
1 billion twice
My generation
I have never heard such an unreasonable request
Now that you brought it up
I satisfy you
Didn't you say I had one leg?
Then I'll let you see if your legs are
I go out
2 billion you
1 million